hot water is like socks with them well
and convenient
in real life we ​​are practically not
pay attention to them
but as soon as the socks disappear our lives
turns into a string of complexity and
disappointment coincidence don't think at all
about the sock is nonsense but with hot water
indeed everything is exactly so we
don't think too often about
Gratitude to the staff of thermal power plants for hot
water but father Fedor Petrovich thank you
washed but as soon as there is no hot water
who will resist the temptation to call and
push but if it's a private house then
hot water
provided in any case well what
There are such devices as boilers
and today we look at the ariston boiler
abs velis pw 80
inside the bolero is the other two 40
liter tank each equipped
individual topics total nominal
boiler power two and a half
kilowatt advantage of two tanks in that
what if you used one tank
hot water then the second tank will be waiting
the next person in line is the bath and
he will get another 40 liters of hot water
they are barely warm and while one
will use water from 2 to 1 will
heat up again and then the third
a person will get hot water of course not
as hot as 1 2 is warmer than
cold as if it were 1
used on the side shorter two tank
in more is good
ruler and PSV Alice in addition to 80 liter
boilers there are still boilers with a volume of 30
50 and 100 liters they all look
equally disregarding the size difference
cover the bottom of the case are made of plastic
and the front side backs are made
enameled steel in front is
a small control panel on which
there are indicators of water heating
control and adjustment buttons
temperatures besides the standard mode
heating function is provided here
accelerated heating
if in standard mode 80 liters of water
maximum temperature of 80 degrees
the boiler is heated for an hour and a half then
FAS mode, it is done in 1 hour
electronic control system and boiler
do so not to deliver at all
there are all necessary
functions limiting heating temperature
overheating protection and safety
the valve still has the eco function and and
Manufacturers recommend including if
you did not use the boiler for more than 3 days
not going to heat the water more than 70
degrees which case does the boiler heat
water to the optimum temperature with
optimal speed in order to
destroy all disease-causing and harmful
bacteria that can live in stagnant
warm water of the features is important
note the presence of a protective device
shutdowns
i.e. in case of short circuit
more just shut down don't expose u
you risk electric shock safety it
it is also important there is an active
electrical drop protection
stresses
so in case of a power surge
the boiler will also stay in order and not
will need to spend a lot of money on repairs
In general, ariston abs vls pw 80 is a boler with
a set of all necessary functions for
comfortable use both in the house so
and in the apartment or in the country thanks that
watched subscribe to the comp channel to her
like youtube like
Great to make cold water warm
it needs to be heated